# DTH-web-in-mvc-c-
Introduction:  R-DTH is a DTH company which uses latest MPEG-4 technology to increase the broadcast capacity. The company is supported by Iredeto’s conditional access solution to manage content and revenues in satellite broadcasting venture. R-DTH is based on its convergent multi-service capabilities and proven real time scalability, introducing new services for the customer.  Organization Requirements:  The Company wants to change the look of their current website and also wants its data to be edited. The company has approach you for creating website. The details of all the functionalities required in the application are provided to you. Different Modules expected are given.  Functionalities requirements:  Admin: Admin will enter the details of the account card subscribed by the user.  User Details: It maintains user details. Card number must have a unique pattern and all the details of the user must be entered like Customer ID, Name, Card number (must be unique), Package subscribe, Contact number, Email-address, Address, Service subscribe Date, Payment data monthly.  Package Details: New Package launched must be entered by the admin.  FAQ: Admin must enter the FAQ’s detail.   Adding the details of Dealers and Distributers with complete details and also providing the login details for which password can be change by them.  Order details: It will maintain the order detail placed by Dealers, Distributors.  R-DTH  3 | Page  Maintaining User Account: It will maintain the user accounts. Validation for the account must be checked with the card number of R-DTH (two validation checking must be performed first it will check whether the card number enter is valid or not and second whether the redundancy of account is happening or not. Distributers and Dealers: All the Dealers and Distributors will have their login created by the system admin; they can change the password after login first time. The dealer will ask for the orders of the setup box in their location and also will place their payment accordingly. User account: User can also create their account by validating the card number. Once account is created then the user can make the payment online, can order different set-up-box, can apply for change in services, can book online movies with timings, and can provide feedback. Recharge now: Without registering the account customer can pay monthly rental by just entering the Customer ID, card number must come automatically, number of months (like 1 or 2) option must be there, type of payment must be selected.  Designing requirements:   Home Page: Home page designing must be accomplished with all the necessary links and description of the website. It must contains links such as packages, Recharge now, Contact Us, Customer Care, Login, Package details, Locate Dealer List, Locate Distributors.  Package details: It must list all the package details.  Feedback page: It will receive feedback from the customer.  Login for User: User will login with their account. They will have extra option such as online movies, service change, Online Recharge.  Login For dealers/Distributors: The dealers will maintain their company profile, also can place the order for setup box, once order is received must pay online.  Guest User: Can view the general pages, must be allowed to go for Online Recharge option (as creating account is not mandatory).  Customer Care: The details of toll free number as per the location must be listed on this page.  R-DTH  4 | Page  Contact Us: The Contact Us details must be listed on this page.  About Us: The About Us page must describe about the organization.  Note: The Fields added must be validated before submission, Validation checking must done while creating the new account so as to avoid the data discrepancies. As soon as the payment is done admin must be able to see the payment status of all the accounts registered.
